#summary Release Notes for ExifLibrary
#labels Phase-Implementation,Featured

= Release Notes =

== v0.13 Pre-Alpha (23 August 2010) ==

  * Signed assembly. (Issue 23)

== v0.12 Pre-Alpha (03 August 2010) ==

  * Single digit date time values in Exif fields are now read correctly. (Issue 21)

== v0.11 Pre-Alpha (10 February 2010) ==

  * Fixed an unboxing issue in !ExifProperty Value property setters (Issue 14).
  * Fixed a bug where the thumbnail could not be written if the image did not already have a thumbnail (Issue 16).

== v0.10 Pre-Alpha (02 February 2010) ==

  * Fixed a bug the !SubjectDistance tag tried to overwrite the !SubjectDistanceRange tag (Issue 13)
  * Fixed a bug in tag data conversion for tags with multiple components (Issue 15).

== v0.9 Pre-Alpha (20 January 2010) ==

  * Fixed a bug where user comment fields were trimmed if shorter than 8 bytes. (Issue 12)

== v0.8 Pre-Alpha ==

  * Fixed an overflow bug in fraction calculations (Issue 11).
  * Fixed a bug where user comment fields were trimmed after the first null character. (Issue 12)

== v0.7 Pre-Alpha ==

  * Fixed an overflow bug in fraction calculations.

== v0.6 Pre-Alpha ==

  * Fixed a bug where reading a Unicode !UserComment field trimmed the field value after the first byte.

== v0.5 Pre-Alpha ==

  * Fixed a bug in fraction arithmetic operations.

== v0.4 Pre-Alpha ==

  * Fixed a bug when writing an empty APPn section wrote the section marker where it should skip the entire section.
  * JFIF and JFXX metadata is now fully supported.

== v0.3 Pre-Alpha ==

  * JFIF metadata is partially supported.

== v0.2 Pre-Alpha ==

  * Fixed a bug when writing an image without metadata threw an exception. Without the metadata the library defaulted to big-endian byte-order instead of platform byte-order.

== v0.1 Pre-Alpha ==

First public release.